There were only people here at museums with
plus a humor video frame and in the video
I bring it to you today.
the online quest the new stranger for you
get the chroma beginning of which you
You need to go to the river law in this new room.
and April is showing you both to
talk with inpc spoke in cnpc is what
Enable quest for you.
so the first thing you have to do is
to start is to talk and with the
similar and speaks giant yellow there
appeared another item that you did not
are you seeing there?
marking with an x that the same quest
for you to start the quest of the new
strange that dialogue besides him
explain a little
It's from this new doze online he's too.
delivery two items are codex and 11 handcuff
youre gonna need it
the staff on their items do not forget
after talking to him and going to the
codex from goals there you are
to have stolen missions done
before the new stranger starts there
to do it therefore you
needs ranking five until then did
the stolen dreams , the new stranger, right?
You're not going to see everything marked.
hence it is not showing the video
be for who did in a place he
back has a start quest too
first part of the quest happens fire
This is a double mission.
make in fires the first part of it is
starts as a ransom and then becomes a
spy
Okay, so it would be interesting for you to do
as is show with locke is mostly
because the two are good at these two
types of mission both as a rescue
spy
Okay, it's in the rescue, you're going to rescue how
if it were a sentry with the
hello, what the he said asked
you do it ok then he soon
After the rescue, I'll show you the
spain system looks like it
for you to redeem there also without
the good part is that you do not
you need to be taking care of yourself
a babysitter to see if they right sentry
that you rescue it it just goes
though he only takes care of it and then
you will be able to retrieve the data without
no difficulty
until little by little the enemy in the room
mystery dispatches
I said maybe they should do with a snack or
11 locke they are both very good
for these two kinds of beauty mission
Done this, you do not deliver anything
in fact it 's the mission and it's going
receive a part of this first part and
do not deliver anything you need to go back vai
talk again with the guys down there on the river
which will be made in a new type of
analyze
and now you will need both
Fire items again has three missions
open you can choose one of them but
You're going to have to do it three times.
it matters which one can do one of
every two one or three times the same
because this is you need to use special
To find the targets in these, you see there.
a red fire in the air when it is
with that frame that shows you the album
that you need to scan it has a
Blue aura, do not kill that target.
he has five points there what you can
use the money to stop this bug
for a few seconds and you make a
scan of it at all points
Okay, I'll start by putting the head
that it may be stagnant during
a few seconds or three times that
missions is because it has a target only in each
mission that's why you're going to have to
do three times
Go there talk to the like again and
it will give you another dialog okay then
We have not received anything yet.
Rome, we already did that previous mission
now we have three times and three
analysis if you need is to end it
your covers
still in the room of the seas he comes
special cuts are not only helium
studying is no use you have to use the
who spoke with similar now but it
Gave you the chance of chrome.
you'll need a front chassis
will set to build when you
removing your chrome chassis enables
the next part of the mission is like this
every time you have to build a
part because the next part a defense
are three points
is there is no secret what I can I
To say that you go with a forehead is because
need to defend the panel though
be a mobile defense without a new
The secret is enough animals are well.
boring to defend
remembering one every time you put
a part of the body to build
You can only go on in the Chile Cup.
when you exit click on the forge
How was mirage ok then defended?
there three panels in our new defense
I recommend the front even remembering that
to build chrome chassis you
need a crohn chassis in front of you.
who made the defense again receives the
same chrome helmet diagram
You'll need a helmet.
was still showing the way to
You're going to have to build a
helmet are not yet own the
Action parts used normal females hence the
helmet is required with the
India and builds capacity to
chrome pass
when the chroma helmet is ready
you exit from ford to enable to
you part of the mission because the
The next part of the mission is a mission
a fire again is a call from
recovery there
and we will revisit we will not pass
again at the end of that cut line
previous to run away the name
We are going again in that match he
had that strange voice and in that mission
We need to do a scanner of the
command then it appears back there is
they will have to use the special item no
forget to equip these there you need
an analysis is only concentrated there did
ready analysis is this chromosome me there is
only to finish Mass normally and
there coming we get another
reward at the exit we receive the
system and you will need
a salim system to build the
own system then went there did the
theme of the salin and used to build
System chromium program system
ready you take the new mission sheet in the
Last is now a defense a defense
cuts well flat 10 oasis and at last it
appears a chrome is watching the law
vulnerable he hits you and rebates on the item
who must also defend
and you need to do five reviews of that
Chorus, okay, too, away from him .
close is suicide staying
let him hit there are liking
health leaves spanking you I can and you
go and do the analyzes try 65
analysis of it
it appears at the last or avoid taking
very careful that it is quite annoying
defend alone but again front
shine a lot there and end part now
finished the defense 65 time receives the
chroma diagram and then just join the
parts of it beauty so this is it
cut online, I'll talk there
chrome forward but I hope
You liked the video, we see it.
in the next and personal czech